Have you ever seen this diagram? It's from the R for Data Science book, and it describes
the process that you go through as a data scientist when you approach a new problem.
First, you import your data, and you get it into a nice, tidy format so that the next
steps are easier. Then you go through a cycle of transforming, visualizing, and modeling
your data until you have results that you're ready to communicate.
We often think of this last step of communication as the final step of your project, but in
reality, this step can happen many times, and Shiny is a great fit for this. Imagine
that you're working on your project and you realize that you have a choice to make,
so you throw together a quick Shiny app to show to your colleagues. They give you some
good feedback, and you go back to the cycle of transforming, visualizing, and modeling
again. You only used that Shiny app once, but it was still useful and helpful in your
process. In another scenario, you bring a small Shiny app to your colleagues, and they
actually suggest some new features that you could add to the app. And pretty soon you
have a full-featured web application built from Shiny. And this is why Shiny is great.
It's perfect for those small apps, and it's robust enough to grow with you to be the final
product that you deliver.